oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah but
there's fucking dogs wow I was on the
chain let me will doggie I love you
willow donkey what this is an open world
adventure game in it I say adventure
game because it's like like a fuckin
point and click adventure game kind of
in its structure like I picked up a
fucking chocolate bar I give the
chocolate bar to the dog the dog dies I
remove his chain I take his chain I used
the change shove it on my ass because
this game fucking socks what the fuck is
jesus fucking slow down my love yet look
at this
come cool over here I'm cool over here
right I enter this area over here slow
down slow down it's like fucking there's
like a little pocket of matrix juice
right over here slowing me down
could be something useful in that I need
a way to prise those doors open to prise
those doors open the fuck does that mean
she mean pry the doors open is this some
British slang prize the door open
apartment with two peas in half partment
what the fuck is slowing down again
leave the barrel stands me how about you
shut up and I do it a slow-motion
backflip whoa how do you snap neck
he smells so good I love the smell of
him and his highly detailed face
hey who are we looking for bro
if I know anybody know who we're
supposed to be looking for but we
looking for
shradha stakeout oh fuck he got punched
in the arm and now he's disappearing
because I wasn't done alright punched in
the arm what why did he disappear after
he got punched in the arm he was just a
figment of her imagination it's okay
guys I might do something that will blow
all of your minds all right for this I'm
done for the night go home go home wrap
it up go to sleep kiss your moms for me
I've gone